replaced 'see' with 'visit' for link (#2648)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/release-notes/02-Dec-2022/new-jobs-default-as-off.md

To help save compute time, new jobs will no longer be triggered to run by default. When you create a new job in dbt Cloud, you can trigger the job to run by selecting **Run on schedule** and completing the desired schedule and timing information.

> For more information, visit [Job triggers](/docs/deploy/job-triggers).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, refer to [Job triggers](/docs/deploy/job-triggers).
```

Reviewer: wow, i didn't know "see" was an accessibility issue. great flag, @mirnawong1 ! if you haven't already added this to the style guide, i'm happy to do it! 

great catch on removing the quotes! thank you! 

i'm unsure how translation-friendly "visit" is so fell back to one of my defaults :)

Author: Good callout! The style guide has 'visit' as an accepted example so that may need adjusting if it's not right. I love refer to!
